Proper pretty cause for BY_ANCESTOR (#12892)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/dep-man/01-core-dependency-management/viewing_debugging_dependencies.adoc

include::{samplesPath}/dependencyManagement/inspectingDependencies/dependencyInsightReport/dependencyInsightReport.out[]
----

=== Understanding selection reasons

> The "Selecion reasons" part of the dependency insight report will list the different reasons that a dependency was selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Selection reasons" part of the dependency insight report will list the different reasons as to why a dependency was selected.
```

Have a look at the table below to understand the meaning of the different terms used:

.Selections reasons terminology
[%header%autowidth,compact]
|===

> | Reason    | Meaning

Reviewer: Nice work!

Author: Thanks

| (Absent)
| This means that no other reason than having a reference, direct or transitive, was present

| Was requested : <text>
| The dependency appears in the graph, and the inclusion came with a <<declaring_dependencies#sec:documenting-dependencies, `because` text>>.

| Was requested : didn't match versions <versions>
| The dependency appears in the graph, with a <<dynamic_versions#sub:declaring_dependency_with_dynamic_version, dynamic version>>, which did not include the listed versions.
This can also be followed by a `because` text.

| Was requested : reject version <versions>
| The dependency appears in the graph, with a <<rich_versions#, rich version>> containing one or more `reject`.
This can also be followed by a `because` text.

| By conflict resolution : between versions <version>
| The dependency appeared multiple times in the graph, with different version requests.
This resulted in <<dependency_resolution#sec:version-conflict, conflict resolution>> to select the most appropriate version.

| By constraint
| A <<dependency_constraints#sec:adding-constraints-transitive-deps, dependency constraint>> participated in the version selection

> | By constraint : <text>

Reviewer: I'd combine two as you've done it for the other reasons

| Same as above, with the addition of a `because` text

| By ancestor
| There is a <<rich_versions#, rich version>> with a `strictly` in the graph which enforces the version of this dependency.

| Selected by rule
| A <<resolution_rules#, dependency resolution rule>> overruled the default selection process

| Selected by rule : <text>
| Same as above, with the addition of a `because` text

> 

Reviewer: Same here. I start to wonder if we should mention it once above/below the table that most reason may come with an optional `because` text

Author: Well since not _all_ can have a `because` text, let's leave it explicit.

Author: Though I'll collapse the two rows.
